Mention `np.matrix` in the difference section (#5966)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/user_guide/difference.rst

  dtype('float64')

> Matrix type
> -----------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matrix type (:class:`numpy.matrix`)
-----------------------------------
```

> CuPy does not have the ``matrix`` subclass of :class:`cupy.ndarray`.
> :class:`numpy.matrix` is discouraged and will be removed in the future.
> 
> Because `sparse ndarray class <https://github.com/scipy/scipy/issues/8162>`_ has not been introduced to SciPy,
> the sparse matrix classes in :mod:`cupyx.scipy.sparse` often behave like :class:`numpy.matrix`, too.
> The classes in CuPy, however, return :class:`cupy.ndarray`\s when dense matrices are computed from sparse matrices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SciPy returns :class:`numpy.matrix` when dense matrices are computed from sparse matrices (e.g., ``coo_matrix + ndarray``). However, CuPy returns :class:`cupy.ndarray` for such operations.

There is no plan to provide :class:`numpy.matrix` equivalent in CuPy.
This is because the use of :class:`numpy.matrix` is no longer recommended since NumPy 1.15.
```

* I reversed the sentence to try to improve the understandability.
* Mentioning https://github.com/scipy/scipy/issues/8162 is interesting (I didn't know this is discussed in SciPy...!) but I felt a bit out of context of this docs.
* Changed the tone of the sentence, as the docs say `The class may be removed in the future.` and not `will be removed` 😃 

Evidence: https://github.com/numpy/numpy/pull/10142, https://numpy.org/doc/1.15/reference/generated/numpy.matrix.html#numpy.matrix
